Update for costmap plugins and filters separation (#161)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: tutorials/docs/navigation2_with_keepout_filter.rst

.. note::

>   All costmap filters should be enabled through a ``filters`` parameter. This is made for separation of plugins and filters work. For keepout filter this prevents the keepout boundaries from inflation as obstacles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All costmap filters should be enabled through a ``filters`` parameter -- though it is technically possible to include in the layered costmap itself. This is separated from the layer plugins to prevent interference in the layers, particularly the  inflation layer.
```
